Add some info to the README (#5)
SmartThingsCommunity/SmartThingsEdgeDrivers: README.md

# SmartThingsEdgeDrivers

## Documentation

> Check out the [SmartThings developer docs](https://developer-preview.smartthings.com/) for a bunch of guides and
> reference documentation about SmartThings Edge Drivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the full SmartThings Edge Device Driver documentation on our [documentation portal](https://developer-preview.smartthings.com/).
```
